Update media picker 3 (#6792)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-umbraco-property-editors/media-picker-3.md

Use this setting to overrule user permissions, to enable any user of this property to pick any Media Item of the chosen Start node.

> When this setting is enabled, a user can access the media selected as "Start Node" (/Design in this case). This applies even if they normally lack access. The access is granted specifically when using this particular Media Picker.

Reviewer: Just a minor suggestion to make it a little clearer what it is they will have access to. What do you think?

```suggestion
When this setting is enabled, a user can access the media available under the selected "Start Node" (/Design in this case). This applies even if they normally lack access. The access is granted specifically when using this particular Media Picker.
```
